Resilience: region/zone failure handling (#21565)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/explore/fault-tolerance/_index.md

In the following sections, explore the key strategies, technologies, and best practices for enhancing the resilience of cloud databases, enabling organizations to leverage the benefits of the cloud, while maintaining the highest levels of data protection and service availability.

## Need for resilience

The need for resilience in cloud databases arises from several factors:

- **Distributed nature**: Cloud databases are often distributed across multiple physical locations, introducing complexities in data synchronization and potential points of failure.
- **Ephemeral instances**: Virtual machines are spawned on commodity hardware which can disappear at any time. They are ephemeral.
- **Unpredictable workloads**: Cloud databases must handle fluctuating and unpredictable workloads, which can strain resources and potentially lead to performance degradation or outages. High loads can cause power surges. Backup generators have failed too.

> - **Failure of fault domains**: Although public clouds have come a long way since the inception of AWS in 2006, region and zone outages are still fairly common, happening once or twice a year. Disk and machines commonly fail due to multiple reasons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Failure of fault domains**: Although public clouds have come a long way since the inception of AWS in 2006, region and zone outages are still fairly common, happening once or twice a year. Disks and machines commonly fail due to a variety of reasons.
```

{{<index/block>}}

>   {{<index/item

Reviewer: With all the rest being note blocks, should probably convert this one as well and put it after line 84
